todo.md, before:

- [x] Sidebar icons are not centered. They do not align with the hamburger menu. Text width is zero.
- [x] Toggle Active state in sidebar.
- [ ] Picker is firing click of the document upon resizing, leading to premature-closing.
- [ ] Navbar hover on closed State.
- [ ] Billabe line-height issues. Probable solution: Capsizecss
- [ ] documentFragment for better perf???
- [ ] Layout shift on resetting tag and project tracker. ( Solution : replaceChildren instead of replacing the entire element, have a prefixed width)
- [x] Use replaceWith() instead of innerHTML or replaceChildren()
- [x] Refactor ProjectPicker component
- [x] Something is wrong with the projectButton Event Listener.
- [x] Delete event is fired when in the input field of the picker. BAKA BAKA BAKA!!!!!!!! Look at alternate solutions before going on your own.
- [x] Edge case: When there is filter and li is clicked, picker.remove() throws error.
- [x] clear projectFilter onBlur
- [x] Parent Blur event to be prevented when child is clicked.
- [ ] Tag Picker get other tag data when the picker is open and someother tag is clicked.
- [ ] Tag picker is not closed when project button is clicked.
- [x] Creating new entry after discard fails.
- [ ] BUG(EmptyProject):
- [ ] Configure Linter

# Doubts:

1. How to avoid document level event listeners?
2. How to avoid module level variables? / Best practices
3. Auto-resizing input.

Commit message:

fix(EDGECASE): Close tagPicker on click of projectPicker
Another Edgecase: When the input of either picker is active, the
picker's don't close and they are prevented from calling removeListener
on document because of e.stopPropogation in the clickHandler of the
pickers

todo.md, after:

- [x] Sidebar icons are not centered. They do not align with the hamburger menu. Text width is zero.
- [x] Toggle Active state in sidebar.
- [ ] Picker is firing click of the document upon resizing, leading to premature-closing.
- [ ] Navbar hover on closed State.
- [ ] Billabe line-height issues. Probable solution: Capsizecss
- [ ] documentFragment for better perf???
- [ ] Layout shift on resetting tag and project tracker. ( Solution : replaceChildren instead of replacing the entire element, have a prefixed width)
- [x] Use replaceWith() instead of innerHTML or replaceChildren()
- [x] Refactor ProjectPicker component
- [x] Something is wrong with the projectButton Event Listener.
- [x] Delete event is fired when in the input field of the picker. BAKA BAKA BAKA!!!!!!!! Look at alternate solutions before going on your own.
- [x] Edge case: When there is filter and li is clicked, picker.remove() throws error.
- [x] clear projectFilter onBlur
- [x] Parent Blur event to be prevented when child is clicked.
- [ ] Tag Picker get other tag data when the picker is open and someother tag is clicked.
- [ ] Tag picker is not closed when project button is clicked.
  ### RCA: happening due to focus trap on input, e.stopPropagation
- [x] Creating new entry after discard fails.
- [ ] BUG(EmptyProject):
- [ ] Configure Linter

# Doubts:

1. How to avoid document level event listeners?
2. How to avoid module level variables? / Best practices
3. Auto-resizing input.
